hew for yourself
hew for yourself two tablets of stone like the first and
two tablets of stone like the first and
two tablets of stone like the first and come up to me on the mountain and make
come up to me on the mountain and make
come up to me on the mountain and make yourself an ark of wood and I will write
yourself an ark of wood and I will write
yourself an ark of wood and I will write on the tablets the words that were on
on the tablets the words that were on
on the tablets the words that were on the first tablets which you know broke
the first tablets which you know broke
the first tablets which you know broke maybe you shall put them in the ark so I
maybe you shall put them in the ark so I
maybe you shall put them in the ark so I made an ark of acacia wood huge two
made an ark of acacia wood huge two
made an ark of acacia wood huge two tablets of stone like the first and went
tablets of stone like the first and went
tablets of stone like the first and went up the mountain
up the mountain
up the mountain having the two tablets in my hand and he
having the two tablets in my hand and he
having the two tablets in my hand and he wrote on the tablets according to the
wrote on the tablets according to the
wrote on the tablets according to the first writing the Ten Commandments which
first writing the Ten Commandments which
first writing the Ten Commandments which the Lord had spoken to you in the
the Lord had spoken to you in the
the Lord had spoken to you in the mountain from the midst of the fire in
mountain from the midst of the fire in
mountain from the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly and the Lord
the day of the assembly and the Lord
the day of the assembly and the Lord gave them to me
gave them to me
gave them to me then I turned and came down from the
then I turned and came down from the
then I turned and came down from the mountain and put the tablets in the ark
mountain and put the tablets in the ark
mountain and put the tablets in the ark which I had made and there they are
just as the LORD commanded me now the
just as the LORD commanded me now the children of Israel journeyed from the
children of Israel journeyed from the
children of Israel journeyed from the wells of Beni jaqen to Missouri where
wells of Beni jaqen to Missouri where
wells of Beni jaqen to Missouri where Aaron died and where he was buried and
Aaron died and where he was buried and
Aaron died and where he was buried and Eliezer his son ministered as priest in
Eliezer his son ministered as priest in
Eliezer his son ministered as priest in his stead
his stead
his stead from there they journeyed to good good
from there they journeyed to good good
from there they journeyed to good good and from good goda to Jud Bertha a land
and from good goda to Jud Bertha a land
and from good goda to Jud Bertha a land of rivers of water at that time the Lord
of rivers of water at that time the Lord
of rivers of water at that time the Lord separated the tribe of Levi to bear the
separated the tribe of Levi to bear the
separated the tribe of Levi to bear the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord to stand
Ark of the Covenant of the Lord to stand
Ark of the Covenant of the Lord to stand before the Lord to minister to him and
before the Lord to minister to him and
before the Lord to minister to him and to bless in his name to this day
to bless in his name to this day
to bless in his name to this day therefore Levi has no portion no
therefore Levi has no portion no
therefore Levi has no portion no inheritance with his brethren the Lord
inheritance with his brethren the Lord
inheritance with his brethren the Lord is his inheritance just as the Lord your
is his inheritance just as the Lord your
is his inheritance just as the Lord your God promised him
God promised him
God promised him [Music]
[Music]
[Music] as at the first time I stayed in the
as at the first time I stayed in the
as at the first time I stayed in the mountain 40 days and 40 nights the Lord
mountain 40 days and 40 nights the Lord
mountain 40 days and 40 nights the Lord also hurt me at that time and the Lord
also hurt me at that time and the Lord
also hurt me at that time and the Lord chose not to destroy then the Lord said
chose not to destroy then the Lord said
chose not to destroy then the Lord said to me arise begin your journey before
to me arise begin your journey before
to me arise begin your journey before the people that they may go in and
the people that they may go in and
the people that they may go in and possess the land which I swore to their
possess the land which I swore to their
possess the land which I swore to their fathers to give them and now Israel what
fathers to give them and now Israel what
fathers to give them and now Israel what does the Lord your God require of you
does the Lord your God require of you
does the Lord your God require of you but to fear the Lord your God to walk in
but to fear the Lord your God to walk in
but to fear the Lord your God to walk in all his ways and to love him to serve
all his ways and to love him to serve
all his ways and to love him to serve the Lord your God with all your heart
the Lord your God with all your heart
the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and to keep the
and with all your soul and to keep the
and with all your soul and to keep the commandments of the Lord and his
commandments of the Lord and his
commandments of the Lord and his statutes which I command you today for
statutes which I command you today for
statutes which I command you today for you are good indeed heaven
you are good indeed heaven
you are good indeed heaven and the highest heavens belong to the
and the highest heavens belong to the
and the highest heavens belong to the Lord your God also the earth with all
Lord your God also the earth with all
Lord your God also the earth with all that is in it the Lord delighted only in
that is in it the Lord delighted only in
that is in it the Lord delighted only in your father's to love them and he chose
your father's to love them and he chose
your father's to love them and he chose their descendants after them you above
their descendants after them you above
their descendants after them you above all peoples as it is this day
all peoples as it is this day
all peoples as it is this day therefore circumcise the foreskin of
therefore circumcise the foreskin of
therefore circumcise the foreskin of your heart and be stiff necked no longer
your heart and be stiff necked no longer
your heart and be stiff necked no longer for the Lord your God is God of gods and
for the Lord your God is God of gods and
for the Lord your God is God of gods and Lord of lords the Great God mighty and
Lord of lords the Great God mighty and
Lord of lords the Great God mighty and awesome who shows no partiality nor
awesome who shows no partiality nor
awesome who shows no partiality nor takes a bribe he administers justice for
takes a bribe he administers justice for
takes a bribe he administers justice for the fatherless and the widow and loves
the fatherless and the widow and loves
the fatherless and the widow and loves the stranger giving him food and
the stranger giving him food and
the stranger giving him food and clothing therefore
clothing therefore
clothing therefore [Music]
[Music]
[Music] love the stranger for you were strangers
love the stranger for you were strangers
love the stranger for you were strangers in the land of Egypt you shall fear the
in the land of Egypt you shall fear the
in the land of Egypt you shall fear the Lord your God you shall serve him and to
Lord your God you shall serve him and to
Lord your God you shall serve him and to him you shall hold fast and take oaths
him you shall hold fast and take oaths
him you shall hold fast and take oaths in his name he is your praise and he is
in his name he is your praise and he is
in his name he is your praise and he is your God who has done for you these
your God who has done for you these
your God who has done for you these great and awesome things which your eyes
great and awesome things which your eyes
great and awesome things which your eyes have seen your father's went down to
have seen your father's went down to
have seen your father's went down to Egypt with seventy persons and now the
Egypt with seventy persons and now the
Egypt with seventy persons and now the Lord your God has made you as the stars
Lord your God has made you as the stars
Lord your God has made you as the stars of heaven in multitude